h1. cmus-droid-remote

Use cmus-remote capabilities to control cmus from your Android device. Acknowledgement is due to dreur for starting the project upon which I now add miscellaneous features, which include:

* Seperately handling connection settings (host IP and port, password) in a popup dialog.
* Saving settings with Android's built-in SharedPreferences interface.
* Live feedback of currently playing track status.
* Separate buttons for various commands, made intentionally cmus-esque with default keybindings for button symbols.
* My first time experimenting with ActionBarSherlock is on display here...go easy on me.

h2. How to use the app

1. Go to the downloads page and get cmus-remote.apk.

2. Setup cmus settings.

@set passwd=<Your Password>@

Note: if you don't set a password, just leave the password field blank in the Android app.

3. Run cmus, listening for outside communications:

@cmus --listen 0.0.0.0@

4. Run the app, go to Settings from the ActionBar, and enter the information asked for.

5. Impress people with magic.

h2. Debugging (taken directly from dreur's README)

1. Is Cmus listening on the right port?

@sudo netstat -tunl -p tcp@

2. Try with cmus-remote

@cmus-remote --server localhost --passwd password -C status@

3. What is going on the network

@sudo tcpdump -i lo tcp -X -v@

or 

@sudo tcpdump -i wlan0 tcp -X -v@

h2. Development

This being the first app I've worked on after learning about ActionBarSherlock, I had to try it out. It's not difficult to get going, but all of the basic information can be found at "ActionBarSherlock's home page":http://actionbarsherlock.com/ If you'd like to avoid using it in favor of using the traditional "Menu popup" style, it should be as easy as changing the com.actionbarsherlock.* imports to correspondong Android built-ins and removing the Sherlock theme from the manifest.

h2. Questions/Comments

If you have any further problems (specifically related to the app), please feel free to email me. I am no expert Android dev and I haven't put this through extensive testing, so I am sure there are still some bugs to be found. 
